slot-allocation = dynamic
bubble-expire-timeout = 5sec
bubble-vertical-gap = 10px
bubble-horizontal-gap = 10px
bubble-corner-radius = 0px
bubble-icon-size = 30px
bubble-gauge-size = 10px
bubble-width = 240px
bubble-background-color = 000000
bubble-background-opacity = 85%
text-margin-size = 10px
text-title-size = 100%
text-title-weight = bold
text-title-color = eaeaea
text-title-opacity = 100%
text-body-size = 90%
text-body-weight = normal
text-body-color = eaeaea
text-body-opacity = 100%
text-shadow-opacity = 100%
location = 3
bubble-prevent-fade = 1
bubble-close-on-click = 0
bubble-as-desktop-bg = 1
